hey there it is Monday july twenty
seventh and sunday sunday number 24
monday edition I apologize for not
having this out yesterday but I was
actually out of town this weekend I was
in New York City ok I was in Oklahoma
City which is completely different I was
seeing a friend there is moving to New
York and just a few days so wanted to
say goodbye to him and say goodbye to
Oklahoma City because let's be honest
that's probably the last time I'll ever
go there I mean it's a it's a great
great city and I really hope to go back
soon it is my sister Christina's
birthday so I want to say a great big
happy birthday to Christina and if y'all
want to leave happy birthday Christina
in the comments I'm sure she would love
it because she watches this but I don't
know if she's one of those people that
cares about people knowing how old she
is but to be completely honest I don't
know how old she is turning today so I
couldn't tell you either way but happy
birthday Christina ok so it's raining
pretty hard right now and there's the
sunroof in this room so if you can hear
like what sounds like eating on a window
that's what that is and a little tidbit
before this room was like my junk room
it was actually my bedroom so I used to
sleep in here and at night when it would
rain it would sound like nails we're
falling on the ceiling and that was
horrible and I moved back into my old
bedroom with my
they're on the bunk beds so with that
being said a few nights ago I couldn't
fall asleep it was three in the morning
and I just couldn't fall asleep so turn
on the TV and what do I find but QVC
which if you haven't heard of it is a
home shopping channel where they sell
things and the first person I saw was
the crazy nick chavez who has this hair
product lines that are for women and he
demonstrates it live on the air and let
me just tell you it is insane over
11,000 already spoken for today most of
you taking advantage of the auto
delivery this is something the whole
family can use now look at this this is
off I'm gray hair this hair is just
amazing if by amazing you mean clownish
then yes it looks amazing oh wait you
know what and this is right out of the
fashion magazine interview I wonder what
fashion magazine she's reading now I
know here in Texas women like the big
hair but that even takes it to a
completely different extreme and if you
ask me when they show the before and
after she looked and probably felt a lot
better in the before so as I kept
watching because I couldn't take my eyes
off of it I discovered that next method
is to flip the girls over and then
basically spray what appears to be
amount of like two gallons of hair spray
in their hair shake them and then flip
the back up and well what occurs is
looks like the the Cowardly Lion from
The Wizard of Oz but once that was over
there was yet more entertainment on this
home shopping channel when this weirdo
started hosting what he called a
late-night talk show make sure I kind of
set the mood
to kind of take us back to the 60s if
you will so there you go so we like your
ear to hear me now but a lot of you will
probably prefer that there we go that's
groovy man it's almost like we were
there you know with these being by the
way a 100-percent cotton are we go ahead
and sides up a little bit man because
when these you know when you kind of
wash over when you like take them to the
creek and beat them up against the rocks
man you know because you got to clean
them and all well hopefully you'll pay
that least once a month man you know
something you know when you're out there
grooving and grab it in the bug and sort
things like that but there's the front
type so in nothing else that may shrink
up just a little bit because it's one
hundred percent cotton there's the back
side with that wonderful when you truly
think about it man every every single
one of these is like artistry you know
it's really cool the thing is is that
it's just absolutely groovy when you
think about what happened back there
when he had the farm and you know had
all the mud that was going on from the
celebration and every beards were
falling off and the thing is that when
you think about it having a lot of fun
abell yeah we got our groovy lava lamp
yeah you heard that correctly there was
a laugh track on QVC home shopping but
as if that all wasn't enough wait until
you see what he did when he started
selling a snow cone machine
Oh got him right there okay what is her
problem she's a she saw wait I show you
all my different Alan I through an apps
into a bull's-eye from 100 feet away no
I can tell you that much no not me I
mean I don't know what I was specting at
three in the morning on a home shopping
channel but I can just see SNL skit
written all over this look there's
somebody who's working in the kitchen
let me see if I can get them to you
ready all right here we go go yeah oh I
didn't mean to get her in the back of
the head I did mean to hit her though uh
but really sorry about that so yeah I
mean I only showed you when he threw the
snowballs twice I think he did in a
total like five or six times and he
thought it was just as funny the last
time as he did the first time so anyway
that guy went on for two hours two full
hours and wow it was intense so the
moral of this story is y'all QV C is
hilarious I mean have you ever seen the
guy falling off the ladder because
YouTube it right now or click the link
here because that stuff is funny so
basically what I'm saying is you need to
watch it all the time well thank you all
for watching on this sunday sunday
monday edition I hope it brightens your
otherwise possibly gloomy Mondays and
again a happy birthday to my sister
Christina and as a special birthday week
treat because we celebrate birthdays for
the entire week in my family on
wednesday i'm going to be releasing mine
and my sisters bonus special video of
our dance to beyonce's halo and that is
something you don't want to miss
I'm pretty sure Beyonce's people are
going to be calling us about as allowing
her to use our moves so you'll want to
click the subscribe button which is
either over here now or up here
depending on where you're watching this
video also check me out on twitter com /
Adam wrecker I love talking to all of
you and posting links and just you know
whatever it's fun everyone's on Twitter
now so that's cool and you can check out
all the rest of my videos at reckitt up
calm so thank y'all again and have a
great day I'll see you next week